I saved you
and I'm here to save you again.
The parasites are merely a symptom of a greater sickness
in Faerûn
The infected hear the voice of the Absolute
and believe it to be a god.
The Absolute is more dangerous than you can possibly conceive
It threatens all who live
It threatens the gods
The Weave
the very fabric of the universe itself
How would you feel about helping me kill some evil bastards?
Vlaakith blesses me this day!
Together we might survive
I'll enjoy watching you try
In mere moments all that you have dreaded
will come to pass
When the screaming stops
and your mind is gone
the rest perhaps
is silence